Choc-Chip Cookie | SEIZE COOKIE | SEIZE the cookie from the slumbering Cookie Monster. | The sky, floor, and walls are made of scrumptious cookies - everywhere you are surrounded by cookies. But in the centre of the room slumbers the Cookie Monster and in his right hand lies the universe's most delectable cookie, radiating brilliantly with an irresistible scent. You are swiftly enticed to consume the forbidden treat. | From afar, one can observe the Cookie Monster helplessly screaming "COOKIE! WHERE IS MY COOKIE?!". It's best that you kept your distance. | SKILL 5 | You muster the courage to move forward but your first step accidentally crushes some cookies on the ground. The Cookie Monster, having been startled by the sound, abruptly wakes with bulging eyes and screams "COOKIE!" before falling back to sleep. Stricken with fear, your swiftly step back. | You deftly seize the cookie but before you can consume the forbidden treat you are interrupted by the Cookie Monster, who having realised the situation, enters a frenzy of rage and begins to gobble up the room. You pack the cookie away to eat at a later time but are continuously empowered by its wafting scent. | Cookieland

The One Ring | WEAR RING | WEAR the prized ring of the Dark Lord, Sauron. | An innocuous golden ring clasped by a chain glimmers against the backdrop of an eerie dark sky, dangling precariously on a crack in the impregnable walls of the Black Gates. | The landscape is barren and devoid of any life. There is nothing much to observe here but the Black Gates continue to relentlessly emanate an eerie, insidious feeling of evil. | WILL 5 | You move towards the ring but are startled by a hissing voice. "My Precious! Get away from my precious!", it viciously asserts. Fearing that your presence has been detected, you stray away from the ring. | You take a deep breath and deftly extract the ring from the crevice. Mesmerised by its alluring beauty, you remove the chain and place the One Ring on your index finger. You feel an overwhelming rush of endless power surging through your mind and body. | Black Gates of Mordor