Choc-Chip Cookie | SEIZE COOKIE | SEIZE the cookie from the slumbering Cookie Monster. | The sky, floor, and walls are made of scrumptious cookies - everywhere you are surrounded by cookies. But in the centre of the room slumbers the Cookie Monster and in his right hand lies the universe's most delectable cookie, radiating brilliantly with an irresistible scent. You are swiftly enticed to consume the forbidden treat. | From afar, one can observe the Cookie Monster helplessly screaming "COOKIE! WHERE IS MY COOKIE?!". It's best that you kept your distance. | SKILL 0 | You muster the courage to move forward but your first step accidentally crushes some cookies on the ground. The Cookie Monster, having been startled by the sound, abruptly wakes with bulging eyes and screams "COOKIE!" before falling back to sleep. Stricken with fear, your swiftly step back. | You deftly seize the cookie but before you can consume the forbidden treat you are interrupted by the Cookie Monster, who having realised the situation, enters a frenzy of rage and begins to gobble up the room. You pack the cookie away to eat at a later time but are continuously empowered by its wafting scent. | Cookieland

The One Ring | WEAR RING | WEAR the prized ring of the Dark Lord, Sauron. | An innocuous golden ring clasped by a chain glimmers against the backdrop of an eerie dark sky, dangling precariously on a crack in the impregnable walls of the Black Gates. | The landscape is barren and devoid of any life. There is nothing much to observe here but the Black Gates continue to relentlessly emanate an eerie, insidious feeling of evil. | WILL 0 | You move towards the ring but are startled by a hissing voice. "My Precious! Get away from my precious!", it viciously asserts. Fearing that your presence has been detected, you stray away from the ring. | You take a deep breath and deftly extract the ring from the crevice. Mesmerised by its alluring beauty, you remove the chain and place the One Ring on your index finger. You feel an overwhelming rush of endless power surging through your mind and body. | Black Gates of Mordor

Psychotic Snowball | EMBRACE SNOWBALL | EMBRACE a psychotic snowball to aid you in your adventure. | An enormous pack of ferocious wyverns are scattered all across the sides of the mountain range. They gaze intently in your direction thinking about you as their next meal. Your view of the landscape is blocked by their monstrous size but that should be the least of your concerns. | You marvel at the sheer size and sublime beauty of the mountain range. There is a surreal tranquility as the winds, somehow being gentle, blow softly against your face and whisper soothing songs into your ears. | WILL -30 | You desperately try to hold the snowball but it keeps slipping out of your hands, rolling away as if it were taunting you! | You embrace the snowball and soon the ground becomes to rumble and shake uncontrollably. From the peak of the mountains, a series of avalanches are unleashed, travelling with great speed and power before crushing the wyverns mercilessly. They unleash terrifying screeches of pain but these are swiftly muffled. There is complete silence. You are awed yet terrified at how something so small and cute could unexpectedly change your life. | Misty Mountains

Louis XVI's Head | STORM BASTILLE | STORM the Bastille and begin a revolution. | From afar, you gaze at a great, sinister fortress before turning your attention to a lavish, royal palace not far from it. You can feel an atmosphere of great tension as people pass by you, murmuring about their discontent with a man named King Louis XVI. | The body of King Louis XVI, detached from his head, lies before the Bastille. Quite a violent and bloody scene has happened here but the people passing by seem to be quite happy. | SKILL -50 | You attempt to rally the nearby people to your cause but they all seem to be distracted by baguettes, croissants, and complaining about taxation and fiscal policy. | Your eloquence as an orator has persuaded the nearby people to aid you in storming the Bastille. Together with the mob, you free the prisoners and execute the tyrannical monarch. Your actions are heralded by the people as being revolutionary and the beginning of a new enlightenment, creating liberation from the oppression of King Louis VI's rule. Oddly, you decide to carry the monarch's head around with you as memorabilia. | Bastille